@author: David García Garzón
@title: Wiki sample page
@revision: $Revision$
@next: 
@prev: 

Take a look to the [[Sample.wiki source]] of this page to see how it is generated.
Take into acount that you should need the [[skeleton.html skeleton]], the [[style.css style]],
the [[biblio.tex BibTeX file]]
and some images to get the same results.

%(toc)s

To insert a table of content just place the previous one.
It will appear just in the HTML output.
LaTeX output ignores this tac as LaTeX has its own mechanisms
to generate ToC's.

Notice that the 'Index' header doesn't appear on the ToC.

== Headers ==

=== Third level ===

==== Fourth level ====

Headers generate labels.
They can be refered from a Table of Content.
This is the place holder for a Table of Content

== Paragraphs ==
This is a simple test for the web/article generator.
It takes wiki pages and produces HTML and LaTeX output.
It also takes a content folder with html fragments and
embeds them on a scheletton.
The idea is to have the benefits of a wiki syntax
but maintain the files on a SVN server and editing
them using your favorite editor (vim?) instead of
the web interface.

Paragraphs are separated by an empty line.
Like the one before.

== Lists ==

# first
# second

# new first

# parent 1
## child 1
##* non numerated child
##* non numerated child
## child 2
### subchild 1
## child 3
# parent 2

== Inline directives ==

Inline directives should end at the same line they start.

=== Text style ===

Normal ''emphasis'' Normal. ''Another emphasis'' Normal
Normal ''em'phasis'' Normal. ''Another emphasis'' Normal.
Normal '''bold''' Normal. '''Another bold''' Normal.
Normal '''bold ''emphasis'' more bold. don't ''' Normal. '''Another bold''' Normal.
Normal ''emphasis '''bold don't''' more emphasis'' Normal. '''Another bold''' Normal.

=== Linking ===

[[link.html a local link]]
[[link.html local link without alias]]
[[link.html one]] and [[link.html other]] local link in the same line.

=== Citations ===

Cites are resolved using BibTeX files found in the same directory.
In LaTeX it works as a regular cite in latex.
In HTML a tooltip apears with the bibliographic information.
This work can be found in @cite:lee87. And also in @cite:www-CLAM.

== Special paragraphs ==

You can mark a paragraf with a 'Tag:' to mark it
special in some sense.

Abstract:
Some special paragraphs can be defined by preceding them by a
colon ended keyword such as 'Abstract:'

Keywords:
And the Keywords: special paragraph


Definition:
A wiki compiler is a program that takes a text file containing wiki like
syntax and outputs some publishing format.

Corollary:
WiKo is a wiki compiler.

Proof:
This is a proof

Lemma:
Simple is better

 Placing space or tabulators
 at the begining of the line
 creates a cite.
 bla bla bla bla bla bla
 bla bla bla bla bla bla
 bla bla bla bla bla bla
 bla bla bla bla bla bla

{{{
You can place preformated code by enclosing it in
three curly braces.
    Tabs and new lines are preserved.
	
Blank lines are alowed if have spaces in it
}}}

Or better you could use the 'Code:' paragraph
to have syntax highlighting.
If the [[http://pygments.org/ Pygments python package]]
is available in your system, the code will be highlighted.

Code: python
for a in [item for a] :
	print "\n".join(a)
>>>> print "hello world"

You can choose a different language. For example C++:

Code: c++
template < typename T > class A;

or bash:

Code: bash
for a in *; do
	echo a | runme > /dev/null
done

== Writting tools ==

To-do's are usefull during the writting of a document
to mark that something is still pending. 
TODO: This is a pending task.
Note that todos' are single line so that they can be
inserted in the middle of a paragraph.
You can use grep command to get all the TODO's listed:
Code: bash
	grep '^TODO:' *.wiki | less

Annotations are another nice tool while writting an article.
Co-authors and reviewers can edit the source file,
if they have access to it via svn for instance, and
insert annotations such this one:
:DGG: This explanation is too verbose, it is an annotation and that's it!!
This is usefull to perform peer review via svn.
that can be inserted in the middle of a paragraph.
To see the annotations hover the icon.
Notes indicates who did it, in this case 'DGG',
and they are also very visible and searchable on the source code.

Both, TODO's and annotation appear as side notes on the LaTeX output.

== Figures ==
Label: OtherLabel

Full featured figures can be generated by using the 'Figure:' special word
Figure: MyLabel wikologo.png Alt text
This is the caption text.
Til the next empty line.

== Formulas ==

You can use LaTeX like formulas with WiKo.

Formulas can be inserted `x+1` inline using back-ticks.
It is equivalent to the dollar syntax in LaTeX.

You can use the Math: environment to place non-inline formulas:
Math:
a\over{b-c}

Or use the Equation environment to get numbered equations:
Equation:
a\over{b-c}

Equation:
a\over{b-c}

Other examples:

`r_iO_i=r_jI_j`

Were `r_i` and `r_j` are the number `a\over{b}` of times that node i and node j will be fired during a period. The vector `\vec{r}` gives the number of repetitions for each node.





